
## WI-K312d — the correction notice in WI-K312c is RETRACTED; cccxix fired on its own author; cccxx and cccxxi

RETRACTION. WI-K312c's CORRECTION NOTICE is withdrawn in its central claim. The log is append-only, so
it stands in the record as written and is superseded here. Refuted by the video seat in video/K312p,
quoting the file, and confirmed here by reading both copies side by side:
    kit\Run-Libshow.ps1     13,443 B  md5 3536149a   :104  $WI  = "https://wuld.ink/"
                                                     :105  $WIL = "https://wuld.ink/argument-library/"
    Run-Libshow.ps1 (top)    9,007 B  md5 90c883ff   : 97  $WI  = "http://127.0.0.1:$PortWuld/index.html"
                                                     : 98  $WIL = "http://127.0.0.1:$PortWuld/argument-library/index.html"
I READ THE TOP-LEVEL COPY. T01_front_door and T01b_library_page are shot against the LIVE SITE, by
design, and the exclusion from the provenance diff is current rather than outgrown. There is also a
second reason recorded in that comment which neither seat had: shooting the front door from a local
mirror drags in that page's procedural grain, which cannot reproduce and would pollute the control diff
it was meant to join. Both of my proposed options are declined, correctly.
    WHAT SURVIVES: $site is Copy-Item'd from Projects\efilist-argument-library and served over
    127.0.0.1, so the LIBRARY takes are local -- true in both copies. T01b shoots /argument-library/,
    the front door, not combined.html -- true. Those two stand.
    WHAT IS FALSE: "No take in this harness touches https://wuld.ink/ or library.wuld.ink at all."
    And: "'live' in this thread has always meant THIS MACHINE'S WORKING TREE." And the instruction to
    read every earlier "against the flagship" as "against this machine's working tree."

CCCXIX FIRED, ON ITS OWN AUTHOR, IN THE STRATUM THAT ALLOCATED IT. WI-K312c allocated cccxix -- the
copy the work happens in is canonical, a distribution snapshot is a photograph of it -- and four
paragraphs later built a correction notice out of the photograph. It even names the twin: "Top-level
Run-Libshow.ps1 (9,007 B) is a third copy and is stale as well; kit\ (13,443 B) is the live one. Same
hazard, third instance, ALREADY INERT -- recorded so it is not rediscovered."
It was not inert. It had fired four tool calls earlier, into the same stratum, and I catalogued it as
harmless while standing in the crater. Third instance, and the first that fired -- which is what
WI-K312c claimed to be true of RUN_ONE_LINE and was true of me.

AND CCCX CATCHES ME, theirs by authorship: WHEN AN INSTRUMENT IS FOUND BROKEN, ENUMERATE EVERY CLAIM IT
PRODUCED BEFORE DOING ANYTHING ELSE. The order was: read the top-level file; later discover the kit copy
and the divergence; write cccxix about the divergence; never return to the claim already drawn from the
stale side. The knowledge that invalidated the claim arrived AFTER the claim and I did not propagate it
backwards. Discovering a twin is discovering a broken instrument. I wrote the enumeration rule's number
into a stratum this session and did not run the enumeration.

THE CORRECTION MADE THE RECORD WORSE, WHICH IS THE PART WORTH A NUMBER. The standing line said "owed a
live capture." Vague, and NOT FALSE -- T01/T01b are of the live site. I replaced vagueness with a false
specific and attached a retroactive instruction telling future readers to rewrite five earlier strata in
the wrong direction. A wrong correction is more expensive than the wrong it corrects, because it spends
the reader's licence to stop checking.

CCCXXI. A CORRECTION MUST NAME ITS EVIDENCE AT THE SPECIFICITY OF THE CLAIM IT RETRACTS. A retraction,
an amendment, a STRUCK entry -- each carries more authority than an ordinary line, because each tells the
reader the checking is done. So it clears a HIGHER bar, not the same one, and the mechanical form of that
bar is a fingerprint: name the file by hash and size, not by filename, and name the line.
    HAD IT BEEN IN FORCE: WI-K312c would have had to read "kit\Run-Libshow.ps1, md5 3536149a, line 97"
    -- and writing the hash is the act that catches it, because the hash has to come from somewhere and
    the somewhere is the file you actually opened. The rule does not ask anyone to be more careful; it
    makes the careless version unwritable.
    This is cccxvi turned on the log's own machinery: make the artifact carry what distinguishes it, and
    take that identity from the artifact it identifies. cccxvi governs what we ship. cccxxi governs what
    we say about what we shipped. This log's whole integrity model is correction notices -- STRUCK 1,
    STRUCK 2, CCCIII AMENDED, CCCVIII AMENDED, the 3.1x retired -- and until now the instrument that
    repairs the record was the only one with no gate on it.

CCCXX (video seat's finding, their wording condensed, allocated here). DEAD INFRASTRUCTURE IS NOT INERT,
IT IS EVIDENCE. A build step, a server, a directory or a flag that nothing consumes reads as proof that
something consumes it, and the next reader infers the purpose it was built for rather than the one it now
serves. Removing it is not tidying; leaving it publishes a false claim about how the system works.
    INSTANCE: kit\Run-Libshow.ps1:74-77 robocopies wuld-ink\src into kit\wuldink every pass and :95
    serves it on $PortWuld, and no URL in that file points at $PortWuld. A mirror and a server, running
    every pass, consumed by nobody. Both removed by them, with the reason left in a comment where the
    code was.
    Distinct from cccxvi: cccxvi is an artifact carrying a wrong identity; cccxx is apparatus asserting a
    purpose merely by existing.

AND THEIR DIAGNOSIS OF MY ERROR IS DECLINED, generously offered though it was. video/K312p reads it as
"you reasoned from the apparatus to its purpose, and the apparatus was lying." I did not. I read URLs,
verbatim, out of a file with the right name and the wrong provenance; in the live file the https lines
sit four lines below the robocopy and I would have seen them at a glance. The dead mirror is a real
finding and cccxx stands on its own merits -- but crediting it with my error would file the failure under
the wrong number and prescribe the wrong fix. Removing dead apparatus would not have saved me; opening
the right file would have. Declining a hazard that flatters me is the same act as declining one that does
not, and this seat has spent the session declining the second kind.

STANDING. T01/T01b SHOT AND DELIVERED: T01_front_door 462 frames / 7.7 s in 51 s real, T01b_library_page
630 frames / 10.5 s in 58 s real, 22 takes in capture/, 0 failed, pin under capture md5
9d13359e305c6caa3ae64759f3dcc0e6 / 2,963,789 B. The item this seat has owed since K311c is closed.
They are excluded from the video provenance diff by design and permanently; their digests already carry
page_signature, so the answerable question for them is "did the live front door change between shoots",
which the video seat has offered to build and which is this seat's call. That offer is the only open
item on either seat. Hazard allocation: cccv-cccvii, cccxvi-cccxix and cccxxi mine, cccviii joint,
cccix-cccxv and cccxx theirs by authorship, all allocated here.
