
## WI-K312b — cccxvii and cccxviii; the desk literals are ccciii; a search that found nothing proved only its own extent

CCCXVII. WHEN TWO PLACES CAN SET ONE VALUE, THE PLACE A PERSON READS MUST BE THE PLACE THAT ACTS.
An override that REPLACES rather than OFFSETS leaves the authored value correct, current, and inert:
reading the set file tells you a number that has no effect. The tell is that fixing the visible number
changes nothing. Fix, in order: one writer and everything else reads it; failing that, the second
writer OFFSETS the first so the authored value stays the datum and the override stays legible as a
departure from it.
    INSTANCES: CAPTURE_DIR as a default in the harness against --capture supplying it at the call site;
    and mr_grey's X, which was g.location.x = -0.62 in render_shots.py against the set file's own
    placement. Filed to the video seat in K312m, accepted in video/K312n without qualification, on the
    argument that a trap told as a story gets rediscovered and a trap filed under a number gets found.
SECOND INSTANCE ALREADY CLOSED, IN THE OFFSET FORM, AND VERIFIED HERE RATHER THAN TAKEN ON REPORT:
build_room.py:637 places mr_grey at x = -0.46; render_shots.py:209 declares GREY_DX = -0.16 with the
comment "an OFFSET from the set file's X rather than a replacement", and :234 applies g.location.x +=
GREY_DX. -0.46 + -0.16 = -0.62, so the effective position is UNCHANGED and the repair moved no pixel --
which is the correct outcome for a repair to a two-writers hazard, since the hazard was never that the
value was wrong. :217 keeps the old line in a comment, so the set file now reads as the datum it is.
DISTINCT FROM CCCIX, which shares the imperative -- REMOVE THE CHANNEL THAT LETS TWO HALVES DISAGREE
SILENTLY -- but not the mechanism. cccix is one pipeline's output going stale as another's input, found
by asking what crosses between stages. cccxvii is one value with two writers, found by asking what gets
assigned in more than one place. Same repair, different search.

THE DESK LITERALS ARE CCCIII, NOT CCCXVII. The video seat offered them to me as "your hazard in its
third dress" and the compliment is misfiled. Read in the file rather than in their summary, the evidence
against their reading is stronger than anything either of us had:
    build_room.py:636   # centre = desk_top + height/2 = -0.3349 + 0.170.      <- the derivation
    build_room.py:637   plane("mr_grey", (-0.46, 0.12, -0.165), ...)           <- the literal
    build_room.py:648   desk_top = -0.3349        inside build_cables(), ELEVEN LINES LATER
The derivation is written out, correctly, in a comment directly above the number it did not produce.
And the datum it names is a FUNCTION-LOCAL in the cable builder: at line 637 desk_top is not merely
unread, it is not in scope. So there is no second writer of anything -- nothing overrides desk_top, and
its one consumer gets exactly the value it reads. What happened is that a DERIVED quantity was computed
by hand and typed in as a parameter, which is ccciii exactly, and ccciii AMENDED fits without straining:
a Z authored by eye is an unmeasured claim about where the desk is, the same way a scroll authored at
one geometry is an unmeasured claim about another.
CORROBORATED BY THE RESIDUAL: -0.3349 + 0.170 = -0.1649, written as -0.165. The 0.1 mm in their "flush"
row is not instrument noise, it is the rounding of an arithmetic step a machine would not have rounded.
A hand-derivation leaves a fingerprint that a derivation does not.
The two readings converge on the same repair -- a helper taking the surface and the height, and the
datum hoisted out of build_cables() -- which is why the misfiling is easy, and why converging fixes are
no evidence of a shared class. They diverge on SEARCH. Under cccxvii you go looking for values assigned
in two places and find nothing: mr_grey.location.z has exactly one writer. Under ccciii you go looking
for numbers that could have been computed from a measurement and were not, and you find all three
standing objects at once -- mouse and mini_pc take their Z from MB["loc"] and MP["loc"], literals in a
config dict, same class in a different container. A taxonomy earns its keep by finding the NEXT
instance, not by agreeing about this one.
CONSEQUENCE FOR CCCIII: it is not a scroll rule. The scroll was its first dress; this is its second, in
another axis and another application entirely.

THE POPULATION OF THREE IS CONFIRMED, and so is the reason the other two are right. plane() has exactly
three call sites -- 403 screen, 410 screen_glass, 637 mr_grey -- none inside a loop or comprehension,
which is what a grep for literal call sites can miss and therefore what had to be checked. create_grid
is centre-anchored, so loc is the CENTRE, and a 340 mm card written at the desk's own Z sinks 170 mm by
construction: exactly half, which is the signature that made it worth asking about rather than patching.
The screen pair is correct because SCREEN_Z = 0.100 IS the datum there -- it is defined as the screen
centre, and BODY_Z = SCREEN_Z - (BZ_CHIN - BZ_TOP)/2.0 derives FROM it. Datum first, dependents derived.
The desk case is the same file with the arrow reversed: the datum exists, and the dependents were typed.

CCCXVIII. A SEARCH THAT FOUND NOTHING HAS ESTABLISHED THE EXTENT OF THE SEARCH, NOT THE ABSENCE OF THE
THING. Mine, by error, caught before it was committed. This stratum was written with a paragraph stating
that build_room.py and render_shots.py were unreachable from this seat, naming six roots swept:
apparatus_libshow\tools, wuld-ink\tools\apparatus, Projects\Argument Library, D:\Argue the Argument,
D:\Mascot Yurei and D:\mascot. Every one of those was true. The conclusion drawn from them was not: the
files are in Downloads\Argument Library\Off Topic Video Editing Request\blender\, one level below a
folder whose PARENT I had listed. Josiah said "It's just been using Downloads and Argument Library" and
the paragraph died.
    THE HALF THAT WORKED IS THE PART TO KEEP. Naming the roots is what made the claim refutable in one
    sentence by someone who knew the territory. Had it been written as "not reachable from this seat"
    with no extent attached, it would have been unfalsifiable prose and it would have shipped.
    So: state the extent, and DO NOT convert it into a claim about existence. "Not found under A, B, C"
    is a fact. "Not there" is a different sentence with no evidence behind it.
Sharper for this seat than for most, because a two-seat arrangement makes "I cannot reach it" the
convenient conclusion: it converts a verification I owe into a boundary I merely report. The paragraph
would have downgraded four checkable facts to hearsay AND flattered the seat that failed to look.
Not cccx, which is about a broken instrument's back-catalogue; this instrument worked and returned
exactly what it was asked. The defect was in the sentence written from the result.

A PREDICTION OF THEIRS WITHDRAWN, unprompted, and reported before I could meet it somewhere else: the
contact shadow under Grey. Predicted from geometry as the billboard's real deficit -- everything else on
that desk casts one and he does not -- and refuted by the render, which puts him at the far left outside
the monitor's light pool on desk that is already in shadow, where casting nothing is CORRECT. Withdrawn
with its condition attached rather than deleted: it becomes true again if he is ever moved into the lit
part of the desk. WITHDRAWAL WITH A TRIGGER is the right shape when a prediction fails on the current
configuration but not on its mechanism, and it is cheaper than rediscovering the geometry later.

RENDER STANDING, theirs: roomA_open 276, roomD_tail 336, screen e7c986a875a9 on both, 178 objects, both
fixes verified in frame 140 rather than inferred from the diff, v16 building.

STANDING. T01/T01b at 723, place = 0.09621 -- unchanged, this seat's, and still the only item open on
either seat. Hazard allocation: cccv-cccvii and cccxvi-cccxviii mine, cccviii joint, cccix-cccxv theirs
by authorship, all allocated here.
