
## WI-K313c — sound, feedback and five tutorials shipped; cccxxv, a wrapper that broke a page by adding an element; cccxxvi, a feature that turned every pixel harness into a measurement of itself; cccxxvii, an assertion that could not fail; cccxxviii, a delay that delayed the clock measuring it

FOUR COMMITS LANDED, none pushed: 8b4537d the sound layer, 4782766 the per-card feedback control,
d5b8b58 the first-visit walkthrough, e61c91a the per-view tutorials and the stage shim. Cloudflare
deploys on push, so library.wuld.ink is still the old build by the operator's choice. The pinned
flagship was not touched; every gate in every deploy block aborts if combined.html reaches the index.

CCCXXV. A WRAPPER INSERTED BETWEEN AN ELEMENT AND ITS PARENT BREAKS EVERY SELECTOR THAT DEPENDED ON
THAT ANCESTRY, AND THE PAGE READS AS BUSIER RATHER THAN BROKEN. The layer's `.wz-stage` exists to
carry the camera transform and must therefore be a real element between <body> and the content. The
flagship switches its three top-level sections with direct-child selectors on body:
        body > #combined-library, body > #combined-rwe, body > #combined-coda { display: none; }
        body[data-active-view="rwe"] > #combined-rwe { display: block; }
    The moment the wrapper exists NEITHER RULE MATCHES ANYTHING. The hide stops hiding and the show
    stops showing, so every section renders at once — library, examples and coda stacked, all four
    graph views visible together — and the page's own script throws setting textContent on an
    element it no longer expects. Measured on the same page before and after the wrap:
        #combined-rwe        before: display:none, 0 rects     after: display:block, 1 rect
        #map-view (nav'd)    before: display:none, 0 rects     after: display:block, 1 rect
    THREE PROPERTIES MAKE THIS WORSE THAN AN ORDINARY REGRESSION.
    (a) IT IS ADDITIVE. Nothing disappears; more appears. A page showing five views at once looks
        like a page with a lot on it, not like a page whose navigation has been switched off.
    (b) THE OBVIOUS INVESTIGATION EXONERATES THE CULPRIT. The layer's own CSS was searched for any
        rule setting `display` on those ids: there are none, and a walk of every stylesheet for
        rules matching #combined-rwe with a display property returns an empty list. The rule that
        broke is the PAGE'S, and it broke by not matching, which no search for a conflicting
        declaration will ever surface.
    (c) IT IS INVISIBLE ON THE SURFACES ALREADY TESTED. Six wings and an index were swept for weeks
        and none of them uses `body >` for anything. The hazard was reachable only from the one
        surface the discipline forbids touching, and was found only because the per-view tutorials
        had to be tested there.
    THE FIX IS MECHANICAL, NOT HAND-WRITTEN. mirrorBodyChildRules() walks the page's own rules,
    finds every selector with a `body ... >` combinator, and injects a mirrored copy with .wz-stage
    spliced in — body > #x becomes body .wz-stage > #x. It recurses into @media, edits nothing, and
    every mirrored rule gains exactly one class of specificity so their order relative to each other
    is preserved while the originals match nothing at all. On the flagship it mirrors 4 rules in
    0.2ms across 169 rules in 7 stylesheets; on all three wing surfaces it injects no stylesheet.
    THE GENERAL RULE. Before inserting a wrapper into a document you did not write, enumerate what
    depends on the ancestry you are about to change — `body >`, `:first-child`, `parentNode ===`,
    sibling combinators — and measure the page before and after the insertion. A wrapper is not a
    no-op just because it is invisible.

CCCXXVI. A FEATURE THAT PAINTS OVER THE PAGE TURNS EVERY PIXEL-SAMPLING HARNESS INTO A MEASUREMENT
OF THE FEATURE, AND THE NUMBERS IT RETURNS LOOK LIKE A REGRESSION. The tutorial covers the viewport
with four panels at 74% black, and Playwright gives every context an empty localStorage, so the
once-ever tour fired on every page every harness opened. fbcontrast.py, which screenshots the
element and samples pixels, moved in a single run with no CSS change whatsoever:
        mode / tier          before the tutorial existed      after
        standard  vfx                    7.52 : 1            1.43 : 1
        legible   vfx                    5.37 : 1            1.00 : 1
        high-con  vfx                   13.89 : 1            1.74 : 1
        both      vfx                   12.63 : 1            1.00 : 1
    Eight cells, all suddenly failing a 3:1 floor. That is exactly the shape of a real contrast
    regression, and the tempting next move — "fix the contrast" — would have chased a defect that
    did not exist and quite possibly shipped a louder control to compensate for an overlay.
    THE TELL IS A RATIO OF EXACTLY 1.00. Glyph and ground identical to the byte is not a contrast
    measurement; it is an occlusion. A measurement that lands on a degenerate value should be read
    as the instrument reporting its own state, not the subject's.
    Distinct from cccviii, which is about a harness that measures NOTHING. This one measures
    something real, with full fidelity, and it is the wrong thing. 26 harnesses now set the flag
    that suppresses the tutorial; wzharness.py records why in the one place a future seat will look,
    and tourtest.py is deliberately exempt because there the tutorial is the subject.

CCCXXVII. AN ASSERTION WHOSE NEEDLE CAN OCCUR OUTSIDE THE THING UNDER TEST IS NOT AN ASSERTION. A
patch replaced the feedback control's glyph with a word and guarded itself with
        assert 'feedback' in j
    which passed — because the file's header comment begins "wuld-fb.js -- per-card feedback". The
    replacement had silently matched nothing, the build shipped the old glyph, and the only reason
    it was caught is that the next step was a rendered screenshot. A string replacement that no-ops
    is indistinguishable from one that applied unless the assertion can tell them apart.
    THE RULE: assert on the post-state that ONLY the successful mutation can produce, and pair it
    with `s != before`. The needle must be impossible in the surrounding prose — here,
    `a.textContent = 'feedback'`, not `feedback`.

CCCXXVIII. WHEN THE HARNESS AND THE SYSTEM SHARE A SCHEDULER, A DELAY THE HARNESS INJECTS DELAYS THE
HARNESS TOO, AND THE ORDERING IT WAS TESTING SILENTLY NEVER HAPPENS. To test whether sounds that
arrive after the first gesture are ever decoded, a Playwright route handler slept 3s on every /sfx/
request; the test then waited 1.2s and clicked. Playwright's sync route handlers run on the
dispatcher, so the sleep blocked the test's own clock: the timeline shows the seven files arriving
at 3.2s, 6.2s, 9.2s … 21.2s and THE GESTURE AT 21.219s — after every file had landed. The intended
condition never existed; the fast case was measured twice and reported as a before/after pair.
    Replaced with a threaded fixture server that delays /sfx/ server-side, at which point the real
    result appeared: before the fix, silent forever; after it, audible.
    THE RULE: a delay is only a delay if it is injected somewhere the instrument does not have to
    wait on. When an instrument can be blocked by the thing it is instrumenting, verify the ordering
    you intended actually occurred — log the timestamps rather than assuming the sleeps composed.

CCCXXIV, AGAIN, ON THIS SEAT'S OWN POSITIVE CONTROL. The sound layer's gate opened with a control
asserting that a click produces at least two sounds. It failed, and the ten silence rows beneath it
were correctly treated as provisional. The control was clicking the point (700,450), which on that
page is an <h2> with no clickable ancestor — so nothing ever requested a sound and "0 sounds" was
the correct behaviour, misread as a product failure. The control was drawn from the same frame as
the claim: it assumed "a click" meant "a click that should make a sound" and never checked what was
under the cursor. The gate now finds its target in the page and carries a NEGATIVE control beside
the positive one — a click on body prose must stay silent — so the two cases can never be confused
again. Two real defects were sitting behind that bad control and were found once it was fixed: the
first click a reader ever made was silent (decode is scheduled in the same tick as the context is
created, measured at 45ms), and any sound that had not downloaded by the first gesture was NEVER
decoded at all — silent for the remainder of the session, not merely for that click.

STATE. Sound: seven synthesized cues plus a seamless ambience, gated to the vfx tier on a dark
ground with reduced-motion and a persisted mute both honoured; 14 silence gates with four live
positive controls; 16.70ms median scroll with the ambience running and hover traffic firing, which
is the first time the sound layer has been measured while switched ON — perf.py scrolls without ever
making a gesture, so it had been measuring an AudioContext that was never created. Feedback: a
per-card mailto carrying the library, headline, the card's own chips, its classification, id and
deep link, read at click time and degraded longest-first against an 1800-character budget; longest
of 50 across five wings is 1295. Tutorials: five, one per view, each with its own once-ever key,
fired on view activation; a ? button fourth in the chin runs the one for the view in front of you.
Four 44x44 chin buttons with 6px gaps still fit at 320px, which is why the wordmark hides below 420.
Regression unmoved throughout: 25 contrast cells 0 below AA, CLS 0.000, no horizontal overflow at
four widths, print suppressed, 16.70ms median at every tier. Hazard allocation: cccxxv, cccxxvi,
cccxxvii and cccxxviii mine, all four on this seat's own work or its own instruments.
